and now that so many guys and shout and
ferrero commenting and today
sir is a trick a trick of
gta 5 as you see in the title let's go
first for the diving suit and the suit
of use we got there at that point
who were watching where we found
this black motorboat when we ride in
this black boat happens that we
we wear diving there as seen when
we enter the water comes out no longer understand the
Diving suit with its oxygen label
and we go to the water gentlemen in this what I know
I in this device as aided and
It has many years of being there super
lived a briefcase appears that briefcase
contains 25 thousand dollars as you see in the
map and it's located if you do not
they got to see well pause in antibes
look exactly the point very well that
happens since we have these 25,000
dollars we must return to the boat because
to the boat because if we do not go back to the boat
to let's say activate the follow the steps
of the trick we're going to lose the pot is very
important so when we're in the
boat let's go
on the phone and on the phone we're going to
give fourth fast we keep quickly
the game and then we proceed
exactly to load that same game
if there we give load heading and where
today, 40 percent of the
game I think and well there I will overtake
we're going to put ourselves on camera
quick to get quickie very well there
is already back and returned to the point and
again $ 25,000 others we already have
50 thousand dollars back to the boat at
little pot we keep and again the same
procedure load heading once more
and there it is I have problems and ready to that
got
but there is a variation a variant of
this trick the variant is that they can
return or go to another player
you go to another of the players then
they go back to you and there you are 25 thousand
dollars gentlemen this has been the
trick today I hope what apply what
enjoy and it was nothing I felt for weird
but you liked it in the taste there
disl there is discussion number one next
good bye